DOCS-11491-DW-csv-invisible-character-example-kt (#2002)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-formats.adoc

payload
----

> The following example shows a DataWeave script that uses an invisible ASCII character as a separator for the CSV output. The separator property value is `\u001E` where `\u` is the escape sequence representation and `001E` is the hexadecimal representation of the record separator (RS) ASCII character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a DataWeave script that uses an invisible ASCII character as a separator for the CSV output. The separator property value is `\u001E` in which `\u` is the escape sequence representation and `001E` is the hexadecimal representation of the record separator (RS) ASCII character.
```

Reviewer: we're not supposed to use "where" that way. I don't love "in which"  though. You could make it two sentences, e.g., "... value is  `\u001E`.  `\u` is the"
